Previously on Justified...
Pretty girl.
Friend of yours?
She could be
your friend, too.
You're the only other person
who knew which properties
we wanted.
Who's doing it,
and how do they know?
I honestly don't know.
How about
a starter tap?
We're gonna need help.
This someone
we can trust?
I have a problem
that can only be solved
with your wealth of expertise.
Who in the hell
was that again?
That's Ava's uncle.
Running is a mistake.
That's how they find you.
You need new papers,
a new life.
And what about an I.D.?
You got a new I.D.?
Hmm? That's the only way
to get off the grid.
No, I don't.
I didn't think.
I didn't plan.
I just ran.
You should go.
If you don't mind,
I was just thinking
I'd stick around for a bit.
Raylan Givens.
I thought that was
your car out front.
Either that or someone's
on their way to the airport.
I'm gonna ask you
some questions, Boyd.
If I feel you ain't
being truthful,
we're gonna
get in my car,
but it won't be
to go to the airport.
Well, I'm glad
to hear you say that.
Suggests you're here on
some kind of Marshal business.
Lot of the guys
I knew in prison
were there 'cause
they'd walked in
and found their girls
with another man...
In a non-business context.
Baby...
Did you get the cayenne
and the Henry Bain?
No point making
fried chicken without.
Well, how long has
our guest been here
without you
offering him a drink?
Raylan,
you want a drink?
I want to know
about Dewey Crowe.
That boy?
What's he done now?
A lot of things,
I imagine,
but the reason I'm asking
is 'cause I was supposed
to meet up with him,
continue a conversation.
I never found Dewey Crowe to be
much of a conversationalist.
He has his moments.
Guess it depends
on the subject at hand.
This one concerned a little trip
I took clown to old Mexico.
You know,
the last time we spoke,
you told me you'd been
transferred to Florida.
Yet you're not gone.
That's a keen observation.
Makes me think maybe
there's something here...
You're having a hard time
letting go of.
I'll allow it's easier
for me to let go of things
if I feel like they've been
left in good hands.
Dewey Crowe?
Well, it seems to me, the
last time I saw Dewey Crowe,
he was heading over to the
Pizza Portal, all spun up.
Gonna give a couple fellas over
there a piece of his mind.
'Couple fellas' meaning
Avery Markham'?
Well, I can't say
I know that name.
Funny.
He knows you.
He went on and on
about how he knows
everybody in these hollers.
Crowders, Bennetts.
Didn't know shit
about my family, though.
Well, then,
there you go.
This is your chance
to see to it he remembers you.
'Cause if I'm
looking for Dewey,
going at Markham
would be my best bet?
Well, I don't know, Raylan.
But I do know
you ain't gonna find him
in Ava's kitchen.
Maybe you just want me
to do your dirty work.
I can
take care of myself.
It's Ava that
I'm worried about.
You see,
I want to ensure
Harlan has a future...
For us
and whoever else we might
bring into this old world.
Now, Raylan,
there any way I can talk you
into staying for supper?
Seems Ava has bought enough
to feed an army.
Anyone but me
just plain tired
of the bullshit burdens
of southern hospitality?
Well, now,
easy, baby.
Ain't no reason to be rude
to an old friend.
If you want to have chicken
dinner with your old friend,
who barged in without benefit
of invitation, by the way.
Go ahead, but you're gonna
have to fry it up yourself.
That's all right.
As I recall, last time we all
gathered for Ava's chicken,
things ended
unpleasantly.
Well, we can promise
to keep 'em holstered.
Where's the fun
in that?
Maybe this time,
things end different.
I'm sure it would.
See you around, Boyd.
Ava.
Paden and Comstock
are on the vault?
They're the night shift.
It's the night.
Where's Mr. Markham?
Lexington.
You gonna
tell him what happened?
How many men
you think we've killed?
You serious?
Between the three of us, you
figure we've got a hundred?
That sniper guy
said he got 255
all by his lonesome.
But, you know, take that
with a grain of salt,
since he was a SEAL.
Look, Top,
he's got next to
no blood on him, okay?
He didn't shit himself,
as far as I can tell,
so we wrap him in something, and
we drive him up a goat trail
into some of these shit-thick
woods they got around here.
Okay. Choo-Choo,
go get that rug
we saw in the other room.
Say that holds.
What else is gonna bite us?
Fingerprints in here don't
matter, he was our realtor.
Did you call him tonight?
The girl.
What girl's that?
Calhoun's whore.
She saw us come in.
Do you know
how to find her?
Well, I figure her
number's in his phone.
Probably the last one
he called.
All right. See can you
set up a date with her.
Then you smash
Calhoun's phone,
you pick her up,
take her someplace private...
Why can't Choo-Choo
do the girl?
Because Choo-Choo's
gonna be helping me
with this heavy-ass
son of a bitch.
Something else
you want to say, Sergeant?
Yeah, Choo-Choo ought to
clean up after his own mess.
Well, you could've
stopped this
by letting me deal
with the bartender.
Instead, you got to
let her skim
and get me
all boiled up.
Seems to me, Sergeant,
you need a refresher
in unit cohesion.
This ain't the army
anymore, Top.
Okay? I'm tired of you asking
me to carry his dumb ass!
I'll do her.
All right? This...
This here's my screw-up.
It's my duty
to set it right.
I swear to God,
looking at you,
alls I can think of is that
skinny little girl always
used to follow me around,
always wanting to check
the batteries in my head lamp.
Guess I just wanted
to see to it
you didn't come
to the same end
as my daddy.
Your daddy
didn't die 'cause the
light went out
in his lamp.
Light went out
in his lamp 'cause he was
down there damn near a week
before we could get to him.
You know, I would
lie in bed at night,
scared to close my eyes,
imagining what it must've
been like for him down there,
all alone in the dark.
Eh.
He more than likely
died in the collapse.
Probably happened
so damn fast,
he never knew
what hit him.
You don't have to
lie to me, Uncle Zachariah.
I'm not a
little girl anymore.
Make it a whole lot
easier on me if you was.
Tell you the truth, I...
I always found grown-ups
to be mystifying...
More so myself since I...
Got to be one.
Now, your daddy,
he'd have known
how to warn you off
marrying that no-good
son of a bitch.
He wouldn't have got any
further than you did. Yeah.
Fact is, nothing in the world
was gonna talk me
out of Bowman
till I realized...
There was a demon
inside him.
What about Boyd?
What about him?
He ain't got the demon?
Boyd is nothing
like Bowman.
Yeah, he's a Crowder.
Now, that's awful
strange talk,
seeing as you're here
working for him.
I got bills to pay, Ava.
You got to buy
your own food.
Well, I hate to interrupt
what I hope has been
a touching reunion.
Baby, Earl's all moved into
the guest room.
He knows to stay out
of your hair,
but he also knows
to be ready
in case he needs
to take you somewhere.
Ain't there something
you need to say?
Uh, thank you for, very much,
the hospitality, Ms. Crowder.
You're very welcome.
Well, Zachariah,
what say we get to it?
Could you two
excuse us for a moment?
Seeing you is a tonic.
You sure it's such a hot idea
hiring on Zachariah?
I mean, I know
it's been a while, but, uh...
I imagine I don't have
to remind you how he is.
Baby, I'm fully aware of
your uncle's eccentricities,
but I need his expertise.
Don't worry.
He ain't working for me.
He's just working for me.
You ready?
You take your truck,
I take mine.
Oh, thank God. Coffee.
Jesus H. Christ.
That's not exactly
the reaction I was hoping for.
You gonna say
anything else?
No.
'No, ' you're not gonna
say anything
or, 'no, ' you won't
marry me?
Could you
close that box?
I can't think with that
thing staring at me.
Oh, come on.
It's what people do,
isn't it?
It's not what
we do.
Not well, anyway.
Maybe we could
change that.
Look, it's simple,
I don't want to be
married anymore.
I've been married.
So have you. Multiple
times, if I'm not mistaken.
History suggests
we're not
very good at it.
None of my marriages
was to you.
Oh, my God.
You're so full of shit.
I didn't come back here
just to get into the weed
business, Katherine.
I'm not asking you to make
up your mind right now.
All right, Avery.
I will think about it.
That is all
I'm gonna promise.
There is
one other thing.
Isn't there always?
I want you
to come clean.
Come clean
about what?
Grady.
Okay.
You got me.
I cheated on Grady.
'Course, I would've thought
you would've known that,
seeing's how you were the
one I cheated on him with.
I'm not talking about
you stepping out on him.
Talking about
you snitching him.
I understand
why you did it.
Family to think about.
Couldn't have both of you
going to prison.
You think that I
was the rat?
It was why
I got out of here.
Figured I was next.
You've thought that
all these years.
Why the hell would you
want to marry me?
I've made
my peace with it.
Well, that's very
generous of you,
except for
one little thing.
I didn't do it.
Well, either way,
far as I'm concerned,
the past is the past.
Here on in, as long as
you're straight with me,
you'll never have
cause to worry
another day
in your life.
Hell of a thing.
They bury him
up here next week,
we don't find him
for a year.
Shit,
like as not we never find him.
How's that?
Bear season.
Started this
morning, ends Monday night
or after five females
are harvested.
Other than that,
the only people
who ever get up here
are ATV'ers,
but they don't have dogs.
And on top of that
run of luck,
we go through
the guy's pockets,
find not only
a driver's license
but a calling card from the
United States Marshals Service.
Some murders the good Lord
just wants to see solved.
Anything on the doer?
Yeah, so far we got two sets
of distinct footprints,
most likely male,
one set of tire depressions
from a late-model car,
likely a sedan, not much
wear on the treads.
That's it?
Well...
We know the killer's got
to be stronger than shit.
Yeah.
At first, we thought
he used a baseball bat,
you know, laid it right
across the Vic's temple.
Look closer, though,
you can see
the knuckle marks.
He was punched
to death?
Sure as hell was.
Now, the marks suggest
a single hit.
That guy looks like
he got run over by a truck.
Ora train.
Well, like I said,
stronger than shit.
Place we're
still weak is motive.
Real-estate brokers don't tend
to get themselves murdered.
Now, we're thinking
maybe this Schreier fella
got caught up in something
on the federal radar.
You know, maybe that's
what got him beat to death.
Yeah. So, I guess
what we're really asking is,
um...
How come he had
your card on him?
He's my realtor.
Deputy
US Marshal Givens.
And his sidekick.
Suppose it's too much
to hope you're here
to say you've
reconsidered my offer.
Gonna advise Ms.
McCready to do the same.
'Fraid not.
Just a
social call, then?
People will say
we're in love.
Actually, we're here to
talk to you about a murder.
Would you excuse us
a moment, darlin'?
And who am I
supposed to have killed?
Well, we've heard
that'd be quite a list.
If you don't mind, we'll just
focus on the last 24 hours.
Calhoun Schreier.
That's my realtor.
Was.
Mine, too, as it happens.
Guess we're both in the
market for someone new.
I assure you, deputy, if
somebody killed old Calhoun,
this is the first time
I'm hearing of it.
Say, I don't see
my man Choo-Choo.
He ain't dodging me, is he?
He's out.
Yeah? We go look around
back, we're not gonna find him
trying to hide
behind a coat rack?
Choo-Choo don't need
to hide from you.
You want to take him on,
you best call in an airstrike.
Mmm.
You know where I
think you went wrong?
You hired a bunch of mercs
'cause they look the shit
in jungle fatigues.
Turns out, they know killing,
but they don't know crime.
You see Choo-Choo,
you be in touch.
Silver lining, you keep
that card on you,
cops ever find you
buried in a shallow grave,
they know
to give us a call.
Seems you boys have
something to tell me.
You Choo-Choo?
Yeah.
Wasn't sure if I heard
it right over the phone.
Is that your real name?
It's what
they call me.
How come?
Not really sure.
Okay.
Uh, I was surprised
you wanted to meet me here.
Figured it was a lower class
of girl that works the street.
Well, I'm not
working the street.
I just don't meet
new guys at my place.
Yeah.
No, I meant...
A girl as pretty
as you are...
You know, clean and all...
No, it's all right,
I know what
you meant.
Good thing about people
thinking you're dumb is,
they tend to give you
the benefit of the doubt.
What makes you think
people think you're dumb?
It's all right.
Before my 'alive day, '
if I'd met a guy that looks
and talks the way I do now,
I'd have thought
the same thing.
You'd be amazed
how many guys think
that if they
talk fast enough,
no one'll realize
they got nothing to say.
I like the way
you take your time.
It's like all you want is for
the other person to understand.
You ever wish
things wouldn't have to be
the way they are?
You know, like, if you...
Close your eyes
and open them,
things would be different?
Boyd,
you take the lead,
and you spring chickens,
you follow me down,
and don't go down
this damn ladder too fast.
I don't want you stepping
on my goddamn hands.
Turn your lights on.
Ain't nothing
to be scared of.
You only have to come down
far enough
to still maintain radio contact
on that cable I strung.
If anything happens, you call
that rescue number I gave you.
Then you call a lawyer.
'Cause we're gonna
need one.
If we're all still alive.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, son.
You brought a gun
into a mine shaft?
What the hell
you think's gonna happen?
You shoot that thing
off down here
with some of this firedamp
that's been building up
in some of these gas pockets
for God knows how long,
I'll tell you
what's gonna happen.
We're gonna go up
like the 4th of July.
That's what's
gonna happen.
Hell, it'll be
so damn loud,
they'll probably hear us
from West Virginia.
Yeah, well, I always
heard an abandoned mine's
a likely place to stumble
into a rattlesnake nest, so...
Carl
don't like snakes.
Well, why don't you ask him
how feels about
burning to death?
Give it over.
Come on.
Now look here.
You come across
a rattlesnake or a bear
or a chupacabra,
you use this and
give them what for.
Pig?
All right.
We'll see you, Carl.
Yeah.
So that's who's
in my parking spot.
Less-secure woman than myself
might worry you were
looking over her shoulder.
Hey, it's free coffee.
Plus, the docs
gave me the green light
to start driving,
so I'm celebrating.
If you were celebrating,
you'd be at the gun range.
That's exactly
where I'm going
right after I get
your take on something.
Something about Raylan?
Why, no,
as it happens.
Wasn't the Hale task force one
of the first jobs you worked?
First big one, anyway.
Twenty one-year-old girl
fresh out of Glynco.
Do you happen
to have an idea
who the U.S. Attorney's
snitch might've been?
Snitch?
That case was made
on wiretaps.
Whole reason why they
couldn't get Katherine
was 'cause she never
talked on the phone.
Yeah, I know there wasn't
ever an official CI,
but Poole always hinted
that he had an inside man.
Didn't you tell me
you'd never end up
being one of those
old lawmen
who spent his golden years
obsessed with his old cases?
All right, first of all,
let's watch it with the
'golden years' shit.
Second of all,
this is just an old case.
It's not my old case.
It's just an old case.
And third, sometimes
a man's just got to find a way
to get out of the house.
Could it
have been Markham?
That makes sense.
Turns out he was
making time with Katherine,
still is, as a matter
of fact, or is again.
That is, if I can trust
our CI.
I'll be goddamned.
What do you mean
trust your CI?
Is Ava doing something
that makes you not trust her?
I think she tried
to run yesterday.
That or she and Raylan
are back sleeping
together or both.
How sure are you
of that?
Movement on their
phones indicates
she ran and he
brought her back.
What a dumbass.
You want some advice?
Figure since you're
already here...
Bring Raylan in
and see if you can confirm
what your gut is telling you.
And if you can...
If I can, I'll have
to pull him.
Maybe. Probably.
Which'll mean terminating
Ava as a CI,
which means we're starting
this case over from scratch.
Is that what
you'd do?
You'd let it go.
Wouldn't risk the case
just to save your own ass.
Either Markham's
a hell of an actor
or he really didn't know what
his boys did to Calhoun.
Well, he knows now.
Wonderful things
can happen
when you sow seeds of distrust
in a garden of assholes.
You just come up
with that?
I read it somewhere.
Well, do me a favor
and say it again slow
so I can write it down.
Tammy Lee's
beauty and hair.
It's 'Tammy Lee's
beauty shop'...
But I guess if Boyd's
paranoid enough
to call through
all my contacts,
the name of the salon would
be the least of our problems.
You all right?
I'm fine.
Why are you whispering?
Boyd's got me
a babysitter.
He says it's in case
Markham makes a move.
You believe that?
I guess I have to.
I believed him when he said
he cares about our future.
Yeah, me too.
It's how I knew
I could leave.
Zachariah came over
this morning.
Boyd's got him working.
I don't know on what,
but I'll try and find out.
I guess I got to go.
I just wanted you to know
that I was working.
Ava, just 'cause Boyd
thinks he's in love
don't make you
Nancy Drew
trying to earn your
Junior G-Man badge.
No phone calls if someone's close
enough, you got to whisper.
And thank you.
I live to serve.
She's back on track, huh?
Yeah.
How'd you
manage that?
How did I manage that?
I wonder.
What do you think?
Oh, I'm trying not to.
It makes
a statement.
It's as big as a
goddamn pomegranate.
Did you know size
is only one
of the four c's
of diamond quality.
You've also got
color, clarity...
Can't think of the fourth.
You got something
on your mind?
Size doesn't start
with a 'C.'
Carat-weight, Mikey.
Wynn!
What's on my mind?
Uh, yeah.
Just, uh, you got to
hand it to the guy.
He sure did
a number on you.
What does that mean?
Cut.
The fourth 'C.'
Although it still feels
like there's one more.
Maybe it's five c's.
Okay, you want to stop
screwing around
and tell me
what is on your mind?
Were you the snitch?
Of course not.
Well, somebody was.
And what better way
to get you thinking
it can't have been him
than to say
he thinks it was you?
Did you let on
that you suspected him?
Well, give me
a little credit.
I give you all the credit
in the world.
In that case,
please know
I know when
I'm being patronized.
Okay.
Avery Markham has been
in this game a long time,
watched God knows
how many others
end up locked up,
dead, or both.
And the fact that
he hasn't gone down
doesn't necessarily
mean he's a rat.
It could just mean
he's good.
And the fact that he asked
you to marry him
doesn't mean
he's not playing you.
You want me to look into it, see
if I can dig something up, prove
it was him or something
proves that it wasn't?
I'm just not sure
it matters.
Either way, we're gonna
have to kill him.
Oh, it matters.
If he's playing me,
we're gonna have to
kill him slow.
You don't need me
to tell you.
You know what has
to be done.
Choo-Choo's a rock.
He'd never give us up.
Not on purpose.
Feds have got guys
that spend
their whole lives
tying people in knots...
I'm not...
Choo-Choo and I were in
the sandbox together.
I know.
I was in the Humvee
right behind his
when he got blown up.
I.E.D.
Flipped them over,
then landed on our hood.
Crushed their gunner
like a bug on our windshield.
Choo-Choo's
in the captain's seat.
We got that door open...
You wouldn't think anybody
could be alive in there.
Medics...
Picking splinters
of the driver's bones
out of his face...
He lives through that?
No.
One morning
when I was in I Corps,
we found a dead cong
who'd stepped in a
punji pit in the dark.
Thing about punji sticks,
they're not meant to kill.
A dead soldier reduces the
force against you by one,
but a wounded soldier
slows down a whole unit.
Cong used to cover their
stakes with human shit,
make the wounds infect.
But rather than being a
drag on his comrades,
make them carry him back,
this feller just decided
to put a gun in his mouth.
One man dies
so the others can live.
Anybody can run
a peacetime command.
Real leadership's about
making the hard choices.
Choo-Choo, sitrep.
I been thinking...
Maybe there's
another way.
What's that mean?
The girl... I don't think
she'd burn us.
And how did you arrive
at that conclusion?
She told me.
She told you
you didn't need to kill her
because she wouldn't
turn us in?
Yeah, I know
how it sounds.
Is she there
with you right now?
Yeah.
This seems
like a conversation
we should be having
face-to-face.
Where are you, exactly?
S-sorry, ma'am.
My music too loud?
Only if you care
about your hearing.
That's the whole point
of thrash.
Got to be loud enough
to drive everything else
out of your head.
I thought your generation
was all about ear buds.
Sit down.
Don't like feeling anything
inside my canals.
First you call me 'ma'am, '
and then you don't blink
after I put us
in separate generations.
Makes me wonder
how old you think I am.
No, ma'am, I mean,
Ms. Crowder,
I-I know exactly
how old you are.
My brother Carl
was a freshman at Evarts
when you were a senior.
He used to say you were
the prettiest girl on earth.
On earth?
First time I met you,
you acted like
you never saw me before.
"Oh, shit.
You're Boyd's girl."
Seemed like
the smartest play.
How'd you pull
guard duty?
Your brother grew up
thinking I hung the moon.
I'm surprised he wasn't first
in line to keep an eye on me.
Truth is, ma...
Ms. Crowder,
I ain't much use
in a mine.
Well, ain't nothing
to be ashamed of.
Leave all that
to Boyd and my uncle.
Remind me the name
of the shaft they're down?
Um...
Blanton Creek,
isn't it?
That's the one.
You all right?
Yeah, I'm all right.
It's just been a while since
I been down this deep.
I thought you worked
black pike, in that dog hole,
over toward Cumberland
a couple years back.
That was back when I didn't
have a whole lot to live for.
Mmm.
Let me ask you
something, Zachariah.
Do you really love
being down in a hole?
Only place I'm happy.
Hey.
All right.
Let's get back to work.
Why don't you hand me
that oil can over there?
We might as well top off
before we get on with it.
Shit!
Boyd!
Boyd! Hold on! Don't move!
Don't move!
Boyd?
Yeah.
You all right?
Board... board's pinning me.
Don't move, or we'll all
end up down there with him.
Tie it on a beam.
And wrap it
around yourself.
Now, Boyd,
don't you move, don't you talk,
don't even breathe deep!
Loosen that up.
Don't move.
All right, pull it taut,
all right?
Hey, don't you move.
All right.
Now, I'm gonna
reach for you.
Don't you reach for me.
All right? We go
on three, all right?
Don't move, now.
One... two... three!
Aah!
Here we go! Come on!
I got you, I got you!
Shit!
You all right, Boyd?
Yeah.
Yeah, I-I'm all right.
Go on up topside,
take a break.
No, we on...
We on the clock.
Nah, after a fall
like that,
you need to see
some sunshine.
Hey, you're
going up topside.
Hey, you don't worry
about a thing, Boyd.
You come back down here
in the morning,
you'll find us dug
halfway home.
Well,
maybe one
near-death experience
is enough for one day.
Goddamn.
Welcome to the
dance, son.
You come
to your senses?
Go get her.
No.
Uh...
Maybe we should start
this conversation over again.
We could get back
in the car, get out again...
She shouldn't have to die
for my mistake.
Chooch...
All the places we've been,
all the things we've seen...
Shit, all the things
we've done...
You still think
'should' really matters?
I won't let you kill her.
Well, fine, then.
You kill her,
like you were
ordered to.
Nobody move. Hands!
"Kill her
like you were ordered to"?
Taken out of context,
that's the kind of statement
might suggest criminal intent.
Everybody
on your knees.
Didn't hear
a car pull up.
Down at the
bottom of the hill?
Put your hands on your head
and get on the ground.
You followed us
from the Portal?
Guess you
must be slipping.
Or maybe you've just
got a lot on your mind,
coming here to murder
one of your own men.
Markham say
it'd be a mercy killing,
putting Choo-Choo
out of his misery?
He's lying.
If that's not what
he's here for,
Why'd he bring back up?
They're lying. They're just trying
to divide our superior force.
You know we're not lying.
We do them both
right now.
Then we hit Crowder.
After that, no one's getting on
you about killing a realtor.
You're really gonna die for a
guy who's trying to kill you?
You can't still
be taking his orders.
It's all I got.
You ever been
in a mine before?
Couple summers,
on and off.
Yeah, it shows.
You know your way
around down here.
You don't waste time
looking for no chupacabras.
Some people just
ain't built for it, I guess.
I'll say.
Shit, that's a
long ways down.
Hey.
Zachariah, come
look at this here.
That look like
rot to you?
No, sir, it sure don't.
It almost looks like
somebody out the boards away.
Yeah.
God damn, son, you got
one hell of an eye.
It's a damn shame.
What is?
Ah, Jesus.
Carl! Carl!
Jesus Christ!
The girl puts Choo-Choo
at Calhoun's last night
with another guy, sounds
like this fella Seabass.
Harlan P.D's
hoping to catch him
before he gets word
of what happened here
and decides to go on
the run like his boys.
I've got 50 additional
deputies on the way in
from Atlanta
and Cincinnati.
Plus, every cop
for a hundred miles
just got a printout of Walker
and Choo-Choo's faces.
Only thing
local law enforcement
is gonna be for these guys
is target practice.
He's got a point.
Which is why I'm not starting
your critical-incident leave
until after my
reinforcements arrive.
Meanwhile, Tim, get your
rifle out of the trunk.
Tell Nelson
we're rolling in five.
Yes, ma'am.
You heard
from your Cl today?
Yeah, this afternoon, when
we were watching the Portal.
She said the play
against Fekus is holding?
She didn't say it isn't.
Was there
something else?
What the hell
kind of idiot move is that?
I guess it don't
much matter now.
Probably different
from what you're used to.
It's awful.
You can try another song,
but I don't think
it's gonna get any better.
Oh! That's loud.
It's real good.
It's awful.
Hi.
Well, I suppose coming home
to find you two carrying on
is better than what I
came home to last night.
Unless, of course, you
bird-dogging my girl.
No, Boyd,
it's nothing like that...
He's just kidding.
Baby, I didn't
expect you so early,
or I'd have started
cooking sooner.
Mmm.
How was it
with my uncle?
Let me get this.
I imagine
you recognize this voice,
but unless you're alone,
I'll advise you
not to say my name.
Well, considering what
happened last time I saw you,
you really think
you're in a position
to ask me for a favor?
Oh, hell. I'm not
asking anything.
I'm offering.
Offering what?
Information.
Well, I guess that shouldn't
come as a shock.
How much are you
charging for it?
Not a thing.
I'm just hoping
you'll see it
as the kind
of a good-faith gesture
to mark a new beginning
for our beautiful
friendship.
Well, that's a
pretty high bar.
Can't think of anything
I need to know
bad enough
to want to clear it.
Well, it could be
on account of this here
is what the man would call
an 'unknown unknown.'
Something you don't
even know you don't know.
In that case, I await
my enlightenment.
Ava tell you anything
about what she
got up to yesterday?